---
layout: post
title: Kyoto, Day 4
subtitle: Osaka Castle, Osaka Aquarium
---

This day was our day trip to Osaka! With Osaka being only a short train ride from Kyoto, Hollie and I opted to have a leisurely breakfast. Our AirBnB host had mentioned a nearby cafe with amazing coffee and a phenominal breakfast. It sounded perfect, so we decided to try the place out.

Upon entering the cafe, we were greeted politely by the married couple who owned the place. I ordered one of their breakfast specials, which came with scrambled eggs, toast, a salad, and a cup of coffee. Hollie was feeling a little more adventurous and ordered some "pizza toast" and a cup of cinnamon coffee. 

It was very charming to watch the married couple work together. The amount of dedication they put into the food definitely came across in the taste. I don't think I've ever had scrambled eggs cooked so perfectly. The toast was sliced quite thick. It had a nice crunch to it without being crumbly. The coffee was fantastic as well. I didn't taste it myself, but Hollie told me she really enjoyed her pizza toast.

With lifted spirits from the great breakfast, we made our way to Osaka. First on our list, and one of the sights I was personally most excited about, was Osaka Castle. Osaka Castle is where my most admired historical figure, Yukimura Sanada, met his end defending the castle from Tokugawa forces. The walk to the castle already had me in awe. The castle grounds were surrounded by a huge moat, with the main keep shining brilliantly in the distance.

I wasn't surprised to see a line of food trucks outside the entrance to the castle -- Osaka is the food capital of Japan after all. Hollie and I both having the "when in Rome" mindset, we partook in some takoyaki, a local specialty. After the tasty (and very hot!) snack, we made our way into the castle.

The castle was almost completely rebuilt in 1997. While the exterior is a reproduction of the original keep, the interior was designed as a modern museum. There were eight floors in total, the first a gift shop, the eighth an observation deck, and the rest filled with exhibits. There were a few floors where no photography was allowed. Those exhibits showcased some actual letters written between daimyo. The most impressive floor of the museum was a showcasing of Hideyoshi Toyotomi's life. The exhibit is a series of 3D projections/holograms recreating major events in his life. Taking our time with each floor, we slowly made our way up to the observation deck to snap a few photos.

After descending the keep, we took some time to appreciate the castle grounds. It's a very popular spot for cherry blossom viewing, though there weren't nearly as many in bloom as we saw in Kyoto. 

Our next destination was the Kaiyukan, one of the biggest aquariums in the world! I was thrilled since I had never been to a large aquarium before. The flow of the aquarium starts you on the top floor, and then you make your way down in a spiral shape. This is one of the more unique aspects of the Kaiyukan, and it lets you experience the same exhibits at various depths. For example, you can see penguins on land, but also view them swimming underwater.

There were several large tanks, each representing a different habitat in the Pacific ocean. The largest tank, and centerpiece of the aquarium, housed two whale sharks, some gigantic manta rays, and hundreds of other fish. The only aquarium outside of Asia with whale sharks on display is in Atlanta, so I'm not sure I'll ever get the chance to see them in person again. Another interesting exhibit had a focus on "interaction," where visitors were allowed to touch sharks and stringrays.

Altogether the tour took us about three hours. Right across from the aquarium was a shopping center that we decided to check out. Our stomachs drew us to the food court before too long. There was one famous Osaka specialty we had yet to try -- okonomiyaki. We just so happened to find an okonomiyaki place in the food court, so dinner was decided! Hollie and I split the dish, then made our way back home.

Since we needed to get an early start the next day, we stopped at a nearby 7-Eleven to get breakfast in advance.