---
layout: post
title: Hakone, Day 1
subtitle: Journey to Hakone
---

Excited about our first ride on a shinkansen (bullet train), the both of us eagerly lined up on the platform for our train. It took us a little while to figure out how to determine if a car is a green car (premium), reserved seating, or non-reserved seating. Eventually we saw that there is a display near the tracks that inform you which cars are non-reserved on the train arriving next. Once we figured that out, boarding was no problem.

After a smooth hour long ride, we arrived in Hakone! Both of us were eager to check in to our hotel, but we arrived earlier than the check-in time (3pm). Fortunately our hotel offered to hold our baggage for us while we explored the town until it was time to check-in.

Hakone was a nice change of pace from Tokyo. Less crowded, a more relaxed vibe, and lots of gorgeous nature scenery to take in. The sound of the nearby river was especially refreshing. It was enjoyable checking out all the little shops and restaurants nearby, along with some fellow travelers wearing yukatas (basically a Japanese bathrobe, but acceptable to wear in public in a hot spring town).

When it came time to check-in, we were very kindly escorted to our room by a hotel staff member who explained the various amenities and asked us a bit about where we're from. We stayed at a ryokan (a traditional Japanese inn), so the entire room was very minimal with only a table and some pillows atop an entirely tatami mat floor. 

We had a bit of time before dinner was to be served, so we went out on the town once again. This is when we noticed the town seemed to get significantly more active, with plenty of other travelers looking to get away. The souvenir shops were especially busy, selling a lot of regional snacks like onsen manju (a sort of pastry filled with red bean paste). One shop that stood out to me in particular was a Neon Genesis Evangelion specialty shop. It was just odd to find it here of all places instead of Akihabara.

Our ryokan served us an extremely upscale dinner, most of which I couldn't tell you what it was. I ate almost everything, except for the crawfish sashimi, and the crab in the hotpot.

After dinner, a staff member came to clear the table. After waiting to digest a little, it was finally time to take a bath in the hot spring! Hollie reserved a private bath for the night, so she went to that room while I had to summon the courage to go to the public bath. It was moderately uncomfortable since there were a few other guests using the bath, and I'm not accustomed to washing myself while sitting. Once I got through that, the hot spring bath was heavenly! It was difficult to force myself out of the bath, but it is definitely too hot to stay in there for too long.

Hollie had a much less pleasant time, unfortunately. The private bath she booked is outdoors, and it was very windy tha† night. She said she was freezing whenever she wasn't in the bath, and even while _in_ the bath, the wind was so strong the water was splashing all around.

After our mixed experiences bathing, it was time to call it a night.

