---
layout: post
title: Hakone, Day 2
subtitle: Journey to Kyoto
---

Breakfast at our ryokan was scheduled for 7:30am, so Hollie and I set an alarm for 6:45am to make sure we had enough time to get ready before the staff came to serve breakfast. I didn't mind sleeping on the floor in a futon, but Hollie said she had a very rough night.

When we booked the ryokan, we were given a choice between a Japanese or western style breakfast. We chose Japanese, but we both admitted to each other that now we wished we had chosen a western style breakfast. At this point we wanted some comfort food! Regardless, the breakfast we were served was very tasty. The portions were also much more manageable than dinner, which was appreciated.

This morning was my turn for the private bath, so around 8:55am I headed to the front desk to get the key to the bath. Fortunately for me the wind was much more gentle than during Hollie's bath the previous night, but it was still a bit chilly outside. I definitely wanted to shower very quickly and get into the hot spring bath!

After a very leisurely bath, it was time to head back to our room and pack for our commute to Kyoto. After talking it over, Hollie and I decided to spend some more time in Hakone since we couldn't check in to our AirBnB in Kyoto before 3:00pm anyway. Check-out time at our Ryokan was 10:00am, but luckily the staff offered to hold our luggage for us while we did some sightseeing.

Owakudani is a nearby volcanic valley, famous for selling "black eggs" (cooked in the hot spring water, the shells turn black because of the sulfur) which are said to increase your life span by seven years. Getting there was quite a hassle, having to make numerous transfers. The last step of our expedition, a ropeway ride, was unfortunately closed due to strong winds. With our only option left being a taxi, we called it quits and went back to pick up our baggage. We didn't want to arrive in Kyoto super late.

We grabbed lunch at a cafe right next to our ryokan. The menu was quite varied, with things like burgers, fried chicken, curry, and ramen. Like I mentioned earlier, Hollie and I were both craving comfort food so we went with the more western side of the menu. Hollie got a pork burger, while I got the fried chicken tenders and fries. Although western in nature, the food we got definitely had a Japanese twist. The chicken for example was dark meat, and had a very unique seasoning, as opposed to your typical white meat chicken tenders in America.

The shinkansen ride to Kyoto was about two and a half hours long, with a lot of great scenery along the way. The bad news is it was too difficult for me to get any good shots of the landscape from the train. We got to Kyoto after sundown, and we were anxious to get to our AirBnB. The place wasn't as close to the station as we thought (Google Maps was off a bit from the actual location) but the walk wasn't too bad. We were very grateful to our host, Kazu, for providing extremely detailed directions to his house. 

We were thrilled to be staying somewhere with a bit more breathing room than our previous accomodations. The living room in particular was very comfortable, and even had a kotatsu! Kazu was gracious enough to leave us some Japanese snacks, bottled water, and even a couple of beers! After our long and honestly disappointing day, we were ready for a good night's sleep.


