---
layout: post
title: Tokyo, Day 4
subtitle: Imperial Palace, Tokyo National Museum, and Owl Cafe
---

For our last day in Tokyo, we thought we'd get very cultural.

First on our agenda was to pay a visit to the Imperial Palace. Unfortunately the palace itself is closed to the public except for a select few who have to apply for a tour beforehand. We didn't. However, the grounds _are_ open to the public.

While technically this was our second time at Tokyo Station, the first time we were just passing through and anxious to get to our hotel from the airport. This time we got to really explore the station.

Right outside the exit, we noticed a large gathering of people and what looked like some sort of ceremony going on. There were guards (not sure if they were police) mounted on horseback escorting a carriage. The entire ritual lasted somewhere between 5-10 minutes. I assume some foreign diplomat was escorted to the Imperial Palace.

From the plaza, it was just a short walk to the palace grounds. The area was ripe with tourists, doing their best to take photos of the various palace buildings. While the palace and the grounds were a spectacle on their own, it would have been nice to get to tour more of the actual palace. To get a small glimpse into the life of the emperor.

After circling the palace grounds, Hollie and I made our way to the Tokyo National Museum in Ueno. As an aside, Ueno Park looks like **_THE_** place for cherry blossom viewing. It's a real shame we were a few weeks early to catch them in full bloom, but on the other hand I'm thankful we visited when we did. I hear cherry blossom season is insanely busy.

The Tokyo National Museum has the largest collection of Japanese historical artifacts in the world. The collection includes a wide range of objects like ancient wood carvings, pottery, paintings, calligraphy, wardrobes, swords, and statues. It was a fascinating look through history. As varied as the exhibits were, you are still left with the impression that there is so much more to explore.

Learning about hundreds of years of history worked up an appetite, so we found a sushi spot close to the owl cafe since our 4:00pm appointment at the cafe was quickly approaching. It was our first kaiten-zushi (conveyor belt sushi) resaurant, and boy did it deliver! After being shown to your seat, all you need to do is use a touch screen tablet (which had an English menu, thank goodness!) to order individual plates. In addition to the (expectedly) large selection of sushi, there were also some unexpected side items like french fries and various desserts. What surprised us the most was that the items you ordered were delivered directly to your seat on the conveyor belt! No waiting around for your item(s) to make their way slowly across the entire belt, they go directly to you. There is even a notification on your tablet when your item is waiting to be picked up in front of you. Since you do all the ordering on the tablet, when you want to pay your check the tablet automatically calculates your total and prints your check. You take the check to the cashier at the front and you're done! I'm convinced this is the future of restaurants. So little social interaction needed!

Feeling very satisfied with our meal, Hollie and I made our way to the Owl Cafe in Shibuya. It was a quaint little space on the fourth floor of some building. I believe our session was fully booked, with about 7 people total. Included in the entry price is a drink of your choice. I got apple juice. I can never get enough of Japanese apple juice! The first fifteen minutes of the hour long session is "rest time" for the owls, and the staff explain the rules while you enjoy your drinks.

When it came time to go into the owl area, I decided to lag behind and avoid the rush. What I didn't know is that would be my only chance to enter the owl area, so unfortunately I missed out on interacting with any owls. A part of me is relieved since I still have a fear of birds, but I do regret not at least taking advantage of the experience. Hollie had a blast though. She got to feed a few of the owls and even held some on her arm with a protective glove. 

With our time in Tokyo rapidly coming to an end, we decided to spend our last couple of hours shopping in Akihabara since it's very close to the hotel. Up to this point we hadn't seen much of Tokyo at night. We had been on such an early morning schedule that by sundown we were completely beat and getting ready for bed.

Tomorrow we are headed for Hakone!

