---
layout: post
title: Fukui, Day 2
subtitle: Returning Home
---

While I knew this day had to come eventually, it didn't make it any less bittersweet. My last day in Japan.

Since my flight wasn't until late at night, I had some time to hang out in Fukui before I needed to make my way to Tokyo. Through a stroke of sheer luck, Sarah only had to work a half day, so we were all able to go out to lunch together. Fukui is known for their sauce katsudon, so naturally we had to try it!

I am so glad I decided to stay in Fukui for lunch, because the sauce katsudon was delicious! Three tender, marinated pork cutlets on a bed of rice, with a side salad and miso soup. It really hit the spot.

After lunch, Sarah dropped me off at the station where we said our goodbyes. It was about a four hour commute to get back to Tokyo. One of the shinkansen I needed to ride was reserved seats only. Every shinkansen I had been on prior had non-reserved seating, so this was new to me. Thankfully seat reservations are free with a JR Pass, so it wasn't a big deal. 

I made it to Haneda Airport without any issues, and with time to spare. After confirming the airport had free WiFi, I found a mailbox and returned the pocket WiFi I rented. Next, I checked my bag in at the counter, then went looking for what would be my last meal in Japan.

I came across a Chinese food place that had mapo tofu on the menu, and couldn't resist. It was by far the best mapo tofu I ever had, blowing what I usually get in Austin, and even what I got at the Ufotable Cafe, out of the water!

With dinner sitting firmly in my belly, there was nothing left to do but wait at my gate and board my flight. The flight was just as uncomfortable as ever, but thankfully the return flight was shorter than the arrival flight.

Getting through customs at LAX took a lot longer than I thought it would, just because of how many people there were. I was very glad I left plenty of leeway between my arrival from Tokyo and departure to Austin. I only had about thirty minutes to wait at the gate when all said and done. At this point I couldn't wait to get home and sleep, I'd been awake for over twenty-four hours. 

My flight went smoothly. I hurriedly picked up my suitcase from baggage claim, and bolted out to the pick up zone. A friend gave me a ride home. Shortly after showering, I hit my bed like a bag of bricks.