---
layout: post
title: Kyoto, Day 2
subtitle: Bamboo Forest, Monkey Park, Kokufu-ji Temple, Todai-ji Temple
---

We started off the day with a quick ride over to the Arashiyama district of Kyoto. Basically everybody on the same train as us got off at the Arashiyama station and the headed in the same direction after exiting the station. We figured they were all here to visit the famous bamboo forest, so we followed the crowd.

We were exactly right! They saved us the trouble of finding the spot on Google Maps. The trail through the bamboo forest was filled shoulder to shoulder. I was almost tempted to pay for a cart ride, since the carts go on a separate trail and I assumed there would be better photo opportunities. In the end, we didn't opt to get the cart ride. Miraculously we eventually found a fantastic photo opportunity, and took advantage. The bamboo forest was beautiful, and I can imagine the walk would be relaxing and tranquil if not for the crowd, but that's Japan for you.

A short walk from the bamboo forest was the next destination on our agenda, Iwatayama Monkey Park. What we didn't know, however, is how strenuous the walk up the mountain to the park would be. There was a small admission fee at the foot of the mountain, and from there an estimated 40 minute walk to the park. It took some pep talking from each of us, but we started the climb! I thought that after all the walking we have been doing while sightseeing for this whole trip, maybe the climb wouldn't be so bad. It was bad. I'm so thankful that rest spots with benches (surprisingly rare in Japan) were plentiful along the trail. The majority of the visitors we encountered along the way were foreigners, so there were some mutual greetings and small talk here and there about the climb.

We did eventually get to the monkey park. From the park there was a spectacular view of Kyoto that I couldn't resist photographing. The park reportedly has over 100 monkeys, but I could only see a couple dozen or so. The rest were probably in the surrounding trees and out of sight (the park is rather large). There were very explicit rules about not touching the monkeys, not getting within three meters of them, not making eye contact, and especially no feeding them. Hollie and I were sure to keep our distance, but if we wanted to, there is a feeding area where you can pay for some food and feed the monkeys through a fence. We observed the monkeys for a while, even witnessing a few small fights. Then it came time to descend the mountain! Naturally the walk down wasn't near as taxing as the walk up.

Following the hike, a relaxing train ride to Nara was a welcome change of pace. What we both didn't realize was that Nara Park is a moderately long walk from the station. After getting a quick caffeine fix from a nearby Starbucks, we made our way to Nara Park. The park was brimming with deer! The deer are one of the main attractions of the park. Nearly every shop sells crackers that you can feed to the deer, and the deer know it. They will walk right up to you without a care in the world if you have something in your hand.

It's also eveidently very popular to take a selfie with a deer. We saw dozens of people do just that. While the deer were a big part of why we went to the park, there were a couple of temples that I wanted to check out as well. We made a quick detour over to Kokufu-ji Temple, which had one of the most impressive pagodas we had seen yet. I don't think the photo does it justice in showing how imposing it is.

Lastly, there's the main attraction of Nara Park, Todai-ji Temple. This was another instance where you just had to follow the crowd to find it. Even the gate preceding the temple was impressive, with two imposing statues of Japanese gods on each side. When we got to the main temple, we were stunned at the scale of it. Again, I don't think the photo really portrays the size. There was an admission fee to actually enter the temple, but with the monkey park and the long walk in Nara, we were content with seeing Todai-ji from afar and heading to Kyoto.

After such an exhausting day, I was ready for a good meal. Kazu, our AirBnB host, suggested a ramen place nearby his house, so we gave it a try. It was the first time I had a soy-sauce based ramen broth, and after how delicious it was, it won't be my last! I thoroughly enjoyed the bowl, even going so far as to drink all the broth. With a full stomach and tired feet, we retired for the night.
