---
layout: post
title: Fukui, Day 1
subtitle: Journey to Fukui
---

Since Hollie and I did almost all of our packing the night before, we were easily able to check out of our AirBnB by 10:00am, even after sleeping in longer than we planned. 

Our next destination was Fukui. One of Hollie's best friends, Sarah, has a job in Fukui teaching English. She was kind enough to let me stay in her apartment for a night. Hollie was going to be staying with Sarah for an additional week after I left. 

While we were walking to the track we needed to get to Fukui, and older Japanese gentleman politely asked us if we had a few minutes to spare and help him practice his English. Our train didn't depart for another ten minutes, so we were happy to oblige. He said he needed to learn English while he was working, but he didn't want his English skills to get rusty after retirement. We just exchanged small talk, where we were from, what we've done in Japan so far, things like that. When our train arrived at the station we said goodbye and he thanked us for our time.

The train was almost full, so unfortunately Hollie and I couldn't sit together. This train wasn't a shinkansen, and didn't have much leg room. Having to keep my luggage in front of me for the whole two hour ride was uncomfortable, but you do what you have to do. On the bright side, the ride to Fukui was beautiful. Fukui is much more rural than Tokyo or Kyoto, so there was more natural scenery to enjoy along the way.

From the nearest station we didn't have any trouble finding Sarah's apartment, though dragging luggage around was cumbersome. Sarah had work until 5:00pm, so Hollie and I had the apartment to ourselves for a few hours. We worked up an appetite on the way there, and decided to eat at a nearby cafe we had seen. The cafe had a fancy feel to it. Hollie couldn't be more excited to try their soufle pancakes, so naturally that's what she ordered. They had an omelette special which included coffee, so I got that. After a leirsurely meal, we went back to the apartment.

Since we still had some time to kill before Sarah got home, we started watching Friends on Netflix. It had been an eventful two weeks up to this point, so we were happy to have a lazy day.

When Sarah did get home, we exchanged greetings, then the subject quickly changed to dinner. Sarah mentioned a burger joint she loved, so collectively we opted to go there. The greatest thing was Sarah was able to _drive_ us there! The place was a bit far, but none of us minded since we had plenty to talk about and as an added bonus we got to see a lot of the city.

The burger joint was quaint, but it was obvious the owner took a lot of pride in it. I can speak to the authenticity, there was a Texas flag and everything! I ended up ordering the Texas Chili-Cheeseburger and fries. While it wasn't the best burger I've ever had, it was pretty damn good. 

When we got back to the apartment after dinner, we continued to catch up with each other. It seemed like no time until we all couldn't stop yawning and had to call it a night. I slept in the guest room on a futon Sarah bought for us, while Hollie slept on the couch. She still was not a fan of sleeping on the floor.