---
layout: post
title: Kinkaku-ji, Kyoto Imperial Palace, Honno-ji, Teramachi Shopping Arcade
---

For our first day in Kyoto, Hollie and I wanted to focus on the more historical aspect of the city. There is an almost endless number of historically significant sites, shrines, and temples to explore. However, due to our limited time, we had to choose only the best of the best to go see.

First up on our list had to be Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavillion). While trying to get to the temple, we realized how spoiled we had been with Tokyo's railway system. Kyoto was far more difficult to navigate, and we had to rely on buses. Keep in mind neither of us had ever ridden a public bus before, then add a major language barrier on top of that. Thankfully, we were able to figure out a route using Google Maps. Once we located the correct bus stop, we also looked up how Japanese buses work, things like how to pay, common courtesies, etc. Buses in Japan are apparently quite varied in how they are operate, so we just had to wait and see.

The bus we got on had an IC Card reader like all the train stations, so it was easy to understand. Just scan in when you get on and scan again on your way out, then the fare is deducted from your card. After about a 20 minute bus ride we got to the pavillion site! Since it's such a huge tourist attraction, there were many shops selling various souvenirs right outside.

There was a 500 yen admission fee to get into the grounds. The place was extremely crowded, but Kinkaku-ji was worth the money and fighting the crowds. The building looks absolutely stunning, and from certain angles almost like it's floating in a lake. After wiggling through the mob of tourists for selfie opportunities, we made our way around the remainder of the grounds which contained a few other small temple buildings and shops.

Seeing as how this was a warm day, and it's a local specialty, Hollie and I opted to get some green tea flavored ice cream with gold flakes sprinkled on top. The ice cream tasted pretty much as described, and the gold flakes were a fun novelty.

Our next destination was none other than the Kyoto Imperial Palace, which was only recently opened up for visitors to explore without needing a reservation. While the palace we visitied in Tokyo is the current residence of the emperor, Kyoto was the imperial capital of Japan from 1180-1868. The palace is surrounded by a huge park open to the public, so we enjoyed the opportunity to take in some nice scenery during our walk to the palace.

Even though the interiors of all the buildings are off limits, the palace was still a beautiful work of architecture and grandeur. Every detail of the palace was built to impress guests and host huge ceremonies. One thing that stuck out to me was the fact that visitors who needed an audience with the emperor were shown to different rooms with varying sizes and amenities based on the status of the guest. Equally as impressive as the palace was the imperial garden. I can imagine it was a wonderful place to relax and collect one's thoughts, though unfortunately it is closed to the public.

After touring the palace, we walked through the rest of the surrounding park on our way to Honno-ji temple. There was a lovely walkway lined with cherry blossom trees that were beginning to bud. Even if they weren't in full bloom, they were still quite beautiful. So much so that there were dozens of people taking selfies (Hollie and myself included).

Being a slight Japanese history buff, I was thrilled to see Honno-ji Temple. It's where one of the most famous warlords in Japan, Nobunaga Oda, was betrayed by one of his retainers. Oda was forced to commit seppuuku during the attack at Honno-ji Temple. When we entered the temple, a buddhist monk was giving a lesson on the history of the temple. I found it funny that as soon as Hollie and I walked in, the monk handed us an English guide so we could follow along.

After exiting the temple, there was a group of locals dressed up in samurai outfits offering photo opportunities to visitors. Hollie convinced me to take them up on their offer.

Since Teramachi Street was right next to Honno-ji Temple, we thought we would do some quick browsing before heading home for the day. I, of course, got sucked into an anime shop for way too long. The shop had tons of Fate (my favorite anime franchise) merchandise so I couldn't help myself. We were both very hungry at this point, so we made our way through the rest of Teramachi quickly, then tried to decide on what to do for dinner.

We found a curry restaurant that was on our way back to the house, so we decided to eat there. It got very chilly at night, so a hot meal was exactly what we needed. It was the absolute **best** curry either of us have ever had. The sauce had a great spiciness to it without being overpowering, and the chicken katsu on top was cooked to perfection. We loved it so much we decided we would definitely eat there again.