---
layout: post
title: Kyoto, Day 5
subtitle: Himeji, Miyajima, and Hiroshima
---

With all the travel time ahead of us, we woke up early and ate the breakfast we grabbed the night before. Our goal for the day was to visit Himeji, Miyajima, and Hiroshima.

The shinkansen ride from Kyoto to Himeji took about an hour. There is a slightly faster line to Himeji, but unfortunately it is not covered by the JR Pass. We had to be careful to not accidentally board it! 

Himeji is famous for having the most well preserved and beautiful Japanese castle. From Himeji station, the castle was about a  twenty minute walk. While Osaka Castle was impressive, I'll admit it doesn't compare to Himeji Castle. Once you stepped inside the walls of the castle grounds, it really felt like you were in feudal Japan with how well preserved the entire complex was. After some great photo ops, it was time to actually explore the castle keep!

Unlike Osaka Castle, Himeji Castle has been largely untouched for over four hundred years. To enter the keep, all visitors had to take their shoes off. They did have staff handing out plastic bags so you could carry your shoes with you. It was raining heavily that day, so I'm unsure if they always give you a bag, or if that was only because of the weather.

There were some signs throughout the tour to educate you about the castle. One thing I found particularly impressive was the fact there is an an AR app to supplement the tour! There are spots in the castle where you point your phone camera, and a short educational video would play. My favorite use of the app was at the top floor of the keep, it will show you a 3D rendering of the city, in real time, as it looked during the feudal era. 

After exiting the main keep, the path takes you to a well haunted by the ghost of a servant named Okiku. The story of Okiku's death is a very popular Japanese play. It is said that every night, the ghost appears, counts to nine, then wails unnaturally. Thankfully we visited during the day!

After appreciating our step back in time, Hollie and I returned to the station to catch our ride to Hiroshima. We missed the train by a couple of minutes, and then quickly came to realize we made a huge mistake. We were used to trains, even shinkansen, coming at most every fifteen minutes or so. It turned out that the next train to Hiroshima from Himeji would be another hour. This threw all of our plans off. Hiroshima was still about a two hour train ride from Himeji, and the Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum closes at 6pm. 

After killing an hour at the station, we got on the train to Hiroshima. At this point we were thinking it would be close, but that we would be able to visit Miyajima, and make it to the museum before it closed. We decided to go to Miyajima first since it got dark early, and we wanted to be able to appreciate the scenery in the daylight.

Miyajima is an island, home to one of the most iconic structures in Japan, the great floating torii gate of Itsukushima Shrine. In order to get there, you need to take a half hour ferry ride. Luckily that ferry ride is covered by the JR Pass! Hollie and I rushed from the train station to the ferry dock, and made it on just in time. The ferry ride gave a gorgeous view of the island, with the clouds kissing the lush green mountainsides. It looked like a scene from a fantasy book. 

After disembarking the ferry, we scrambled over to the shrine. Miyajima, similarly to Nara, is famous for deer. There were plenty of deer out and about despite the rain. When we got to the torii gate, the tide was very low. On one hand this meant we could walk right over to the gate, but on the other it meant we didn't get to see the "floating" gate. After a quick visit to the shrine, we hurried back toward the ferry still hoping to make it to the museum. Being such a popular tourist location, the island is filled with little shops along the way. We took the opportunity to try a Miyajima specialty, momiji manju. Both of us got one filled with custard, but I suspect the more traditional filling is red bean paste. The manju were very tasty regardless!

We did manage to catch a ferry at the perfect time, but after looking up the museum on Google Maps, I realized we wouldn't make it in time. The museum was too far away from any train stations, so the walk or bus ride would take too long. Hollie and I did decide to at least visit the Memorial Park, which is always open. After arriving at the nearest station, it took us a while to figure out how to get to the park. Walking would take too long, so the best option was using the streetcar. There was no English at all on the schedule, or even English labels for the stops. That's why it took us some time to figure out.

We did eventually make it to the park. Viewing the Genbaku Dome in person is chilling, doubly so as an American. It is amazing how, apart from the dome, you would never guess the city was reduced to nothing less than eighty years ago. 

At this point the sun was down, the wind and rain had picked up, and we were both freezing cold. Despite that, we still had a long commute back to Kyoto, so we didn't spend much time at the park. I'm glad we at least made time to see the dome.

It was a quiet ride back to Kyoto with how tired Hollie and I were. We were both disappointed that the day didn't go exactly like we wanted it to. Despite that, we experienced a lot of amazing things, and made great memories along the way. I think we were both dreading having to pack when we got back to Kyoto. This was our final night there, and we had to check out by 10:00am the next morning. We did somehow find the energy to pack, and talked about how much we'll miss the kotatsu!

